# CPP
This was the first project of our class and it asked to create a clock with a time you could manually set by advancing the hours, minutes, and seconds by 1 each time you press the corresponding button. This project tested my ability to create different functions and then put them together to seamlessly perform a simple task. There may be a way to combine the functions and use less of them in order to improve the readability of the code. Since the code was all written in console there is a potential for someone to access it and cause errors if not careful. Creating a private class to access the function through the use of accessors and mutators would increase security of the code.
As mentioned earlier, part of what I was practicing was to get functions to work together. In one instance I wanted to be able to call a function and then have that function call a function. It was the getMenuChoice() that calls the printMenu() function. Looking back, I had some trouble trying to work out how to call the menu and get the user choice in one clean go and it ended up the choice function actually calls the print function. I feel that it should probably have been the other way around but in the essence of time and seeing as the program worked fine, I stuck with it how it was. There may be use for this code in other applications where time is a parameter that needs to be set. This particular project was a clock for a coffee machine. In the pseudocode there was more specifications such as setting a brew time and setting the clock. There are many household items that require timers and alarms even smartphones and watches that need to be able to do such things. So my conclusion is this would be a very transferable piece of code for other projects.
I tried as much as possible to create functions that would stand alone in order for ease of implementation. If there was additional functionality that was required, minimal changes to the code should be required. Since this was a simple project most functions are recognizable in their capability so I added minimally descriptive comments to maintain the ease of deciphering the program. In an early iteration I added a line of code that would change the minutes and hours if the numbers rolled past 59 and then am to pm and back if they rolled past '12' (or '24' for the military time). This changed the functionality and I changed it back to only reverting back to '00' but it seems that the code is easily adaptable to go from setting time to telling time if the requirements call for it.
